what is a servlet?- Java object designed to handle request

What is the servlet container? box that holds the servlets for an application
responsible for directing requests to the appropriate servlet

how do I congigure the servlet container? web.xml (Deployment Desriptor)

tags in the web.xml? Servlet, url-pattern, servlet-name, servlet-class, context-param, init-param

What is the Servlet hierarchy? - 3 intefaces servlet, servlet config and serializable
these interfaces are implemented on GenericServlet --> HtttpServlet --> MyServlet

Servlet Config vs Servlet Context - ServletConfig is configurations/info regarding a sepecific servlet. Context
is regarding the servlet container and thus all servlets

Front controller design pattern- is when you funnel all requests to a single point and then send requests to appropriate 
services. In my example I send all requests to the one servlet by using a wildcard on the url pattern

uri vs url - uri is the uniform resource identifier basically file or servlet location. 
url uniform resource locator domain+port+uri

forward vs redirect - forward is when the servlet recieves a request and sends it to another servlet.
redirect is when a servlet recieves a request and tells the client to make a 2nd request to another location

how do I perform a redirct vs a forward? - for forwards you need to create a request dispatcher from the request and
forward to another servlet. response.sendRedirect("location")

Session Handling- HttpSessions for server side session management
cookies - client side session management. Cookie is a small text file stored in the browser
url rewriting and hidden forms (avoid)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What is Iaas, Paas, Saas? examples?
What is DevOps?
advanatages to cloud computing - cost, no need to buy infrastructure, scalability
What is Continuous Integration? CI vs CD?

CI - programmers working together to push and pull code from a central repository. These trigger automatic builds
to see if the project still works as intended. Can involve things like automated testing and sonarqube/sonarcloud
Continuous delivery extension of CI where completed projects are conisdered ready to go live but are in a staging area
Continuous deployment- - Extension of CD where projects that pass the tests automatically go live to end users

Can you describe your pipeline?
Can you describe how you created your pipeline?
What is AWS?
region vs availability zone?
What is EC2, RDS? advantages of RDS over installing db in an ec2 instance?
What is IAM, AMI, ELB, EBS, Load Balancer?
What is sonarqube, security group?
What is Autoscaling? example would be an ec2 having its ebs or processing power increase when necessary
horizontal- getting more resources/computers
vertical- increasing the power/memoory asssoicated with a single instance
What is S3, route 53?
what is vpc? virtual private cloud. Virtual lan
What is a security - virtual firewall saying what types of messages can reach an instance and from where
What is Jenkins? continuous integration tool
What is a Jenkins Job?
what are the different ways to connect to ec2 instance - linux, windows
what is the os version used in ec2 for your pipeline?




