Devops is a mindset wherein programs are developed tested and operated on at the same time
-Automate everything you can

Cloud Computing- Abstracting ownership of physical hardware and computers
to the web. We are removing the physical infrastructure required to create a software
project/service.

advantages of cloud Computing

Elasticty - comminson and decommission resources (computers/databases etc) as necessary
Happens dynamically. Meet the demand that is appropriate.

Scalability - 

Vertical - Taking one computer and increases its cpu or memory or storage
not increasing the amount of machines

Horizontal - comminsioning more machines to handle current needs

In cloud computing you often* only pay for what use and by the hour

Cloud compting can offer 3 types of services

IaaS infrastructure as a Service
- using the cloud to abstract hardware
ec2 or virtual machines
buy processing time

PaaS Platform as a Service
- foundation for you to develop on
RDS 

SaaS Software as a Service
- Completed product provided over the web
Google Drive or Netflix 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DevOps pipeline- The modern approach to development

Continuous Integration - A group of programmers will work together using a SCM 
source code manager (GitHub) and after a push the program will be compiled and tested.
Pushes can trigger an automatic build

Continuous Delivery - Extenstion to CI wherein the completed program will 
be put into some staging area. Deployment Ready but not actually being used.
Someone will manually approve that it goes live.

Continuous Deployment - Extension to CD wherein if it passes the automated tests
the application goes live immediately for use.

AWS - Amazon Web Services

- Largest cloud computing service

Regions- geographical areas where services are provided
(Ohio, North Virginia, Tokyo)

Availablity Zones - Data centers within a region that provide resliency and 
backups to each other

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

AWS Services

EC2- Elastic Compute Cloud
- a vm
- literally just another computer somewhere else in the world
- Use an os of your choice you can specialize the 'hardware' i.e. more ram or cpu

EBS- Elastic BLock Store 
- the virtual hardrive to an EC2
- expand or replace an EBS as needed

ELB Elastic Load Balancing
- spreads out requests for services to multiple EC2S

AMI - Amazon Machine Image
- Its essentially a snapshot of a machine and setup
- It includes the os for the EC2

Security Group- virtual firewall to protect your computer

VPC -Virtual Private cloud 
this an abstraction of having a local network

IAM - Identity Access Management
- This is a way to control who has access to your aws account 
- and what they can do

S3 - Simple Storage Service
- Designed to hold data as files (Similar to Dropbox)

Route53- Domain name service
- Amazon will give your ec2 a proper website name

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Maven 
- developed by apache
- Dependency Manager and build automation

Maven Goals

clean - will remove the compiled source code in the target folder
compile - will compile source code
package - Package your code and run tests
install - will put your package in the local .m2 directory
Deploy - copy a war/jar to a remote repo