------------
----JAVA----
------------
What is Java
What is the difference betwwen JRE, JDK, and JVM
What happens during the compilation process
What are the benefits of Java
What is a constructor
What are the primitive datatypes
What is a no args constructor
What is the default ocnstructor
What are the scopes of a variable in java?
What are the different access modifiers
What are the different control statements and how are they different
How do you create an Array in java?.
What is varargs
What is the first line of a java application
What are packages and imports
What is a static import
What is static?
What are Strings?
What are some string methods?
String vs stringBuilder vs stringBuffer
What is the string ppol
What is the difference between the stack and the heap
What is an exception?
What is the difference between exception and error?
What are the ways we cna handle an exception
Checked exception vs unchecked exception
How many catch blocks can be used in a try catch? (min and max)
What does finally do?
Can finally be skipped? how?
How do I create a custom exception
What is autoboxing
What is a wrapper class
What is garbage collection?
How do I perform garbage collection?
what is the difference between final finally and finalize
What is the reflection API?
Whatare the pillars of object oriented programming, epxlaoin them.
What is the different between an abstract class and an interface
What is strictfp, what is volatile?
What are the differences between FileinputeStream, FileReader, and bufferedReader (As well as their conterparts)
What is Scanner?
What is serializaiton?
How do i serialize an object?
What is a marker interface?
How do I prevent some data from getting serialized?
What is the difference between Collection and Collections
What are the various input/delete/get methods for List, Set, and Queue
What is an iterator?
How is an iterator different form a ListIterator
What are generics? Why use them?
What is the diffence between comparator and comparable
What is the purpose of the Object class?
What is the difference between  == and .equals?
What is the purpose of hashcode?
Explain the difference between hashmap and hashtable.
How do i iterate through a hashmap?
What is multithreading and why do we use it?
What are the different ways to create a thread, what is different about them?
What are the JVM recognized states of a thread.
What are various methods that threads have?
What is synchronization?
What are the risks of synchronization?
What is deadlock, livelock and thread starvation?
What is the producer and consumer problem?
What is JUnit?
What are the annotations of JUnit?
What are the different assert methods of JUnit?
How do I create a test case and test suite in JUnit?
What is Maven?
what is the maven lifecycle?
What is the purpose of the pom.xml
What are the purposes of a maven repository among projects?
What is the difference between Singleton and Factory
What is the difference between Bean and POJO
What is the difference between implicit and explicit casting.
------------
----SQL ----
------------
What is SQL
What are the sublanguages
What is multiplicity
What is cardinality
What is a candidate key
What is referential integrity
What are the different constraints
What are the differences between WHERE vs HAVING
what are the differences between GROUP BY and ORDER BY
What does LIKE do?
What is the difference between IN and EXISTS?
How do I use sub queries?
How does BETWEEN work?
What is the order of operations in an SQL statement?
What is the differenece between an aggregate function and a scalar function?
What are examples of each?
What are the different joins in SQL?
What are the different set operations in SQL?
What is the difference between joins and set operations?
What does RANK do?
How do I make case statements in a query.
How can I create a alias in SQL?
What does the AS keyword do in a query?
What are the properties of a transaction?
What are the transaction isolation levels and what do they prevent?
What are dirty reads, non repeatable reads, and phantom reads?
What is normalization
What are the requirements for different levels
What is pl/sql
Stored procedures vs functions
What are cursors
Implicit vs explicit
What are triggers
What is a View
What is an 'instead of' trigger
what are indices
Clustered vs nonclustered
What is JDBC
What are the interfaces of JDBC (6)
What are the different statements
What is SQL Injection
What is a DAO
What is ETL?
What is the purpose, how do I do ETL?
What is the snowflake schema? the star schema?
How do I perform exception handling in PL/SQL?
------------------------------------
----HTML, CSS, XML, AND SERVLETS----
------------------------------------
What is HTML
What are some common tags of html
What is the doctype declaration
How do i create a table?
How do I create an unordered/ordered list
How do I create various form data
What is CSS
What are the different ways to include CSS
What are some css selectors
What is bootstrap
What is the bootstrap grid system
What is XML
Well formed vs valid xml
What is the difference between DTD and XSD
What is an XML namespace
What is the syntax of XML
What is XPath?
Absolute vs relative XPath?
What is a Servlet
What is the difference between a servlet config and servlet context
What is a deployment descriptor
What is the lifecycle of a servlet starting from the request
How do I preload a servlet
How do I set init params for both servlet config and context
What tags are used for mapping a servlet in teh web.xml
What is the servlet inheritance tree
What is a filter
How do I perform error handling with the deployment descriptor
What is a front controller
RequestDispather vs sendRedirect
How do I get form data with servlets
What is the printwriter
------------------
----JAVASCRIPT----
------------------
What is Javascript?
What is ECMA script?
What are the datatypes of javascript?
What is type coercion?
What are closures?
what is prototypal inheritence?
What is JSON?
JSON syntax.
== vs ===
Null vs undefined
What are template literals and arrow notation?
What are the scopes of variables in javascript
What is the difference between a = 5, and var a = 5?
var vs let vs const;
What is an event listener?
What are some different events?
What is the DOM?
What is DOM manipulation?
How do I manipulate the DOM using Javascript?
How do I select various elements in the DOM? What are different ways?
What is bubbling and capturing?
How do i cancel an event in javascript?
What is the Event object?
What is a callback function?
What is AJAX?
What are the different states of AJAX?
what is the object we use for AJAX in javascript?
What triggers the different state changes?
What is the name of hte property detecting state changes?
How do I use javascript for form validation?
How do I use AJAX to hti a servlet? How do I received a JSON back?
What is variable hoisting
truthy/falsey
What are the different javascript errors
---------------
----ANGULAR----
---------------
What is angular?
What is the purpose of angular?
Explain the various files and their purposes within an angular applicaiton
What is the purpose of npm and webpack?
What is linting?
What is bundling?
What is typescript?
What are the different access modifiers of angular?
What are the purposes of classes and decarators.
What are directives?
What are services?
What are modules?
what are pipes?
What is the purpose of components and html templates?
What is 2-way databinding.
How do i perform the different databadinings?
What is string interpolation
What is property binding
what is event binding.
What is routing?
How do I perform routing?
What is RxJS?
How do I send http requests in angular?
What is the difference between promises and observables?
What is the different between AngularJS and angular 4+
What is MVC?
What are the different lifecycle methods that can be used with components?
What is the purpose of package.json?
----------------------
----AWS AND DEVOPS----
----------------------
What is unix?
What is grep, yum, man?
Explain basic Unix commands for file creation and directory navigation
What is VIM?
How do I change file permissions?
How do I create local enviroment variables and global environment variables?
What is AWS?
What is the cloud?
What is an EC2, AMI, IAM, RDS, EBS, S3, Route 53, VPC, ELB, auto-scaling groups?
What is PAAS, IAAS, SAAS?
How does AWS availability zones work?
What are AWS endpoints?
What are AWS regions?
What is DevOps?
What is continuous integration, deployment, and delivery?
What is jenkins?
How would you build a DevOps pipeline complete with notification and quality checking?
Waht is SonarQube?
What is agile?
What steps are in teh agile process? Explain them. (kickoff, backlog filling, backlog grooming, user story scoring, sprint/iteration planning, retrospective)
What are the "rules"/best practices of good devops?
What is a burndown chart (agile)
What is velocity? (agile)
-----------------
----Hibernate----
-----------------
What is hibernate?
What is ORM?
What is a persistent class?
What are the interfaces of hibernate?
What are the object states of the persistent object, at what point are they triggered?
Where is hibernate configured (xml wise?)
How are objects mapped (xml wise?)
How is hibernate configured (Annotation wise)
How are objects mapped (Annotation wise)
What is the different between lazy laoding and eager fetching? What is default in hibernate?
What is the difference between get and load?
save vs persist?
merge vs update?
L1 caching vs l2 caching?
What are some l2 caching providers?
What is the difference between HQL and criteria?
Give examples of their syntax.
How do I perform aggregate functions using criteria?
How do I create namedQueries?
How do I use native SQL in hibernate?
-----------------------------------
----TESTING AND TEST AUTOMATION----
-----------------------------------
What is pyramid testing?
What are the following testing phases:
-unit
-integration
-systems
-UAT
--alpha and beta
-performance
-ramp up
-ramp down
-spike
-stress
-load
-exploratory
-useability
-api
-portal
-regression
-retest
-smoke
What is blackbox vs whitebox testing?
what is boundary analysis testing?
what are equivalency groups?
What is the difference between positive and negative testing.
What is test automation?
what is the difference between functional and nonfunctionl testing
What is a defect?
What is the defect lifecycle?
What is the testing lifecycle?
What are the differences between the following:
-test strategy
-test plan
-business requirements document
-system requirements specification
-test case document
-Requirement traceability matrix
What is Selenium?
How do I open a browser to google.com with selenium?
What is TestNg?
what are the different locators of selenium?
What are the different waits in selenium?
What are the different components of selenium?
What are the different user actions we can simulate in selenium (As well as the method names?)
What is the purpose of selenium?
Why selenium?
When to automate, when NOT to automate?
What is the page object model design pattern? Why use it?
What is pagefactory?
How do I click an alert in selenium?
What is TDD, what is BDD?
What is cucumber?
What is gherkin?
What is a feature file? What are the different keywords of that file?
What is gluecode?
What is a step definition file?
What are the different hook tags we can use in cucumber?
What is the purpose of custom tags?
What is the testng.xml?
What are the annotations of testng?
What are groups in testng? How do I use them?
How do i create a test suite in testng? Cucumber? JUnit?
What is a datadriven framework?
What is a keyword driven framework?
what is a hybrid framework?
What is Protractor? What is it used for?
What are the different methods of protractor?
What is Jasmine? What is it used for?
What are the different methods of Jasmine?
What is karma? What is it used for?
What is a headless browser?
--------------------
----WEB SERVICES----
--------------------
What is a webservice?
What is SOAP?
What is REST?
What is the difference between the two?
What is UDDI?
What is the WSDL?
What are the different tags in the WSDL?
What are the different tags in the SOAP message?
What are the constraints of REST?
What are the different HTTP methods?
Which ones are safe and idompotent?
How do we perform testing on webservices? (API Testing)
What is Jersey?
What is JAX-WS
what is JAX_RS
What is SOAP_UI
What is RestAssured?
What is Postman?
What is a media type?
what are the different media types?
How do you consume/expose SOAP? (IE setup the application for SOAP server and client)
how do you consume/expose REST? (IE setup the application for REST server and client)
What is JAXB?
How do you handle excpetions with REST?
How do you handle exceptions with SOAP?
What is the difference between the SOAP Binding types?
